Hello Youtube friends
today I will tell you how to download and install long a sketch budokai tenkaichi 3
for pc
good what you have to do is download the game first
I'll leave the download in the description of the video
Once the download is done, unzip if something like this will appear
Well the truth is that I recommend installing it with raymond tulsa since not
you need to extract it again
however if they want they do
but I'm going to do it with the monusco one, although I'll also leave it as
download in the description
we installed the demons tubul
surely we will restart the pc after this we will ask for updates
we do and we already have the one of the monster in which we will see it like this
after having ready this we go to demons tunnel which we will find
here on this date and then we give you a right click on it and we go to
first that says manager mount river and we click
we click on the green cross that we see here says you added the file
and we look for our game where we decompress
we open it and something like this will appear, select the file
then we play and a window opens as if it were to be installed as
city
we give it a run and it will open a window like this
then we give you install then next following
well you already know that this is not easy to cut
the truth is that I did not install it because I already have it but well once
instigate insurance it will take a while to open the window of the
installation since that done with the wii emulator
then once installed I will tell you how it is
good ps once and has installed you will be left a shortcut in the
desk
Well, if you do not see the shortcut, simply go where it is
installed the game and we look for an image that says of bz verte 3 villa with this one
in sections the game
but watch out if you want to save your game you should not execute as
administrator
if you hear that it is seeing executas as administrator
this game already comes with the default settings
but if you want to change the options like graphics or sound because
your pc is a crap in graphics
you go where the game is installed and you go to this program called
dolphin and you open it will appear like that and well there you have the options of
configure it with your control and graphics depending on your pc
then we give the folder to open and we go where the game is installed
and we select the one that says tries and we open it and the game will be opened with the
new configuration and when we want to open it again we can do it with
the direct access of the desktop executing them as administrator and
will come with the new configurations since it is saved only
and well here you have another game for you to kill time friends that's all
if they need something they just comment
Thank you